All of the barcodes I scanned were EAN-13.

EAN-13 codes consist of 13 digits.
First 1-3 digits: identifies the numbering authority who assigns barcodes for a given country/region.
Next 6 digits: represent the manufactuer code IF THE FIRST DIGIT IN THE EAN-13 DATA STRING IS 0.
                A first digit of zero means that the following 12 digits represent a UPC-A code.
                A UPC-A code is composed of 12 digits. The first 6, including numbering authority
                info, identify the manufactuer. The last 6 identify the product.

                IF THE FIRST DIGIT IN THE EAN-13 STRING IS NOT 0:
                This only happened with one of the codes I scanned of the ~50 (not all of them are
                in barcodes.JSON, I didn't want the thing to get redundant), but this means that
                the manufacturer ID has a variable length and the full data string will be needed
                to identify the product (b/c how else would you figure out the manufacturer without
                knowing which digits mean what?)


A LITTLE CAVEAT ABOUT BARCODES.JSON:
A user is actually met with two barcodes when they see a product in a store.
The store's barcode which on the sticky-outy price tag things, and the barcode
attached to the product's packaging (both of which are EAN-13). The codes I took pics of
are from the store b/c I was not aware of this until the end of the trip.

I searched the strings given by the scanner but most of them were not found in any database.
This may be because the data is something store-specific. I entered some package EAN-13's from
random stuff in my home and most of them returned the correct product in third-party barcode search engines.

SUMMARY:
the data in barcodes.JSON shows you what format to expect from the front-end and
there are some notes here about how to interpret them. The data itself is potentially
useless since it may be store-specific data. If anyone else uses the toy scanner I 
built with expo, don't make my mistake! READ THE BARCODE ON THE PRODUCT'S PACKAGING, not the one given by
the store!